Add reviewable Smithy agent skills (#3209)
awslabs/smithy: smithy-agent-skills/src/main/resources/skills/core/smithy-docs-navigator/SKILL.md

- A trait's exact rules and properties (e.g. `@length`, `@http`,
  `@paginated`, etc.).
- Selectors: writing or verifying a selector expression.
- HTTP bindings, protocol behavior, or authentication.
- Backward compatibility: whether a change breaks customers (the **Evolving
  Models** guide and the `breakingChanges` rules).
- Which code generator to use for a target language, or where to find examples.
- Any time a web-fetch of a `smithy.io` page came back summarized or truncated
  and you are missing the precise constraint, ABNF, or example.

Do not use this for non-public, organization-internal conventions - only the
published Smithy specification and ecosystem are covered here.

## Core Concepts

- **The source file is authoritative. A summary is not.** The rendered HTML,
  when passed through a summarizing fetch, drops the exact rules you need. Read
  the source.
- **`llms.txt` is the one index.** Published at `https://smithy.io/2.0/llms.txt`,
  its generated documentation links point at each page's canonical `.rst` or
  `.md` source, including resolved symlink targets. It also lists curated
  **Key references** (including backward compatibility), **Examples and

>   resources**, **Code generators by language** (with each generator's language

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Key references** (including backward compatibility), **Examples**,
  **Code generators by language** (with each generator's language
```

This makes it match the actual section names

license: Apache-2.0
---

# Smithy docs navigator

## Overview

Smithy's documentation at `https://smithy.io/2.0/` is rendered from
reStructuredText sources. Reaching a page through a summarizing web-fetch is
lossy: it returns a paraphrase that silently drops the exact grammar, trait
properties, and normative rules. This skill sends you to the `.rst` source and
has you read it with a non-summarizing tool, so every answer is grounded in the
complete, version-matched text rather than memory or a summary.

## Usage

Use this skill whenever a request touches Smithy - it is the default way to get
an authoritative answer. Concretely:

> - Authoring or editing a model: shape, resource, operation, or service syntax;

Reviewer: I feel like this is breaking down and tossing in semicolons where commas should be

Reviewer 2: semicolons are often used as super-commas when elements of a list themselves have commas.
